What are you talking about?
I am the richest man in Beicheng
Can I still have my 11 jobs?
Have you never seen a card?
There are people outside the people, and there are mountains outside the mountains.
You are just the richest man in Little North City
You don't think no one is harder than you
You are quibbling
I don't believe you can swipe this broken card 8 million
You can swipe my card now.
Mr. Wu, are you kidding me?
I've never seen this card before
How embarrassing it is if you can't brush it out in a while
Are you trying to be strong today?
Han Xin, you will look at Xu Zhengyue's wife later
How to get out of the store
Mr. Long, why don't you think about it again?
What's the matter with you kid today?
Be respectful to this brat
Aren't all visitors guests?
I'll brush it now, I'll brush it now
Damn it if the dragon guard didn't specifically explain
Why are you so humble?
It's too difficult to work as a migrant worker
Someone like you can be a guardian
God is blind
Pardon me?